What do I mean?
Come and stop investigating Bai Daiguo and Zhao Lili
Send it to the security department for processing.
Chief, this has nothing to do with me
Principal, you have seen it all
It was Jiang Yun and these two dog men and women.
They made a fuss
Take it away
autumn
Did you make trouble today to torture you?
Yiqiu, you are a bad person yourself
If you have a bad day, come and ruin someone else's good day
You are such a sinister villain
You two think too highly of yourself.
In autumn, I will even fight for this job today
I'll beat you too
Ah!
Principal Liu, you have seen it yourself
He hit someone in your face
They are the ones who should be dealt with.
Incorrigible
Why did you hit someone again?
Yeah.
Mr. Yi, this is the equity change contract of the textile factory.
You are now fully owned and responsible for the textile mill
Your lover
It's the director of the textile factory. Okay
Impossible absolutely impossible